RESTORE THE COMPLETE WATCHLIST TAXONOMY EDITOR UI

Work only in the live CaelynAI FRONTEND Replit workspace.

Read and obey the live AGENTS.md first.

The live Replit workspace is the primary source of truth. GitHub is reference/back-up only.

This is a small corrective frontend task, not a taxonomy redesign.

CURRENT BUG

The Watchlist Edit Classification modal is supposed to present the classification hierarchy consistently as:

Sector
Primary Theme
Subtheme
Additional Themes

Instead, the current UI completely removes the Subtheme row whenever no Primary Theme is selected, and also removes it when the selected theme has no child subthemes.

Current live code in frontend/client/src/pages/watchlist.tsx has behavior equivalent to:

{draftThemeId && subthemesForDraftTheme.length > 0 && (
  // Subtheme selector
)}

That conditional rendering is the bug.

Example current broken state:

Sector
Primary Theme
Additional Themes

The user should never wonder whether Subtheme support disappeared.

REQUIRED UI

The modal must always render these four sections in this order:

SECTOR
[actual company sector · read-only]

PRIMARY THEME
[selector]

SUBTHEME
[selector / disabled state]

ADDITIONAL THEMES
[existing chips/picker]
Subtheme behavior

Case A — no Primary Theme selected

Render the Subtheme selector, but disabled.

Display a clear placeholder such as:

— Select a Primary Theme first —

Do NOT hide the row.

Case B — Primary Theme selected and it has subthemes

Enable the selector.

Populate it only with sub_theme children of that selected Primary Theme using the existing taxonomy index/hierarchy.

Preserve the existing general-parent option:

— General {Primary Theme Name} —

Selecting that means no specific subtheme and the parent Theme remains the effective primary assignment.

Case C — Primary Theme selected but it has no subthemes

Keep the Subtheme row visible.

Disable the selector.

Show:

— No subthemes for this theme —

Do not invent a child.

Changing Primary Theme

Preserve the existing behavior that changing Primary Theme clears an incompatible draftSubthemeId.

Do not allow a subtheme from the previously selected parent to survive after switching Primary Theme.

PRESERVE THE CURRENT TAXONOMY MODEL

Do not alter the backend persistence model.

The editor currently maintains:

draftThemeId
draftSubthemeId
draftAdditionals

and computes:

effectivePrimaryId =
  draftSubthemeId
  ?? draftThemeId
  ?? null

Preserve this.

This is intentional:

Primary Theme selected with no Subtheme → backend primary_theme_id is the Theme ID.
Subtheme selected → backend primary_theme_id is the more-specific Subtheme ID.
The frontend derives/displays its parent Theme from the canonical taxonomy hierarchy.
Additional Themes remain separate memberships.

Do NOT introduce separate backend fields just because the UI shows both Primary Theme and Subtheme.

Do NOT create another endpoint.

Do NOT create another save path.

Do NOT use localStorage for taxonomy assignments.

Do NOT alter the canonical PUT contract:

PUT /api/themes/admin/ticker-taxonomy/{ticker}
DO NOT REGRESS THE SAVE RELIABILITY FIX

The just-completed frontend work hardened taxonomy saves.

Preserve all of it.

A successful save must still require:

HTTP 2xx
JSON-compatible Content-Type
valid JSON parsing
data.ok === true
required authoritative taxonomy fields

Non-JSON 200 responses must remain failures.

Backend 500s must remain failures.

Failed saves must keep the modal open.

Do not restore optimistic fake-success behavior.

Do not add retries.

HYDRATION MUST STILL WORK

Audit the existing wlHydrateTaxonomyDraft() behavior while making this change.

It should continue to behave as follows:

Existing primary is a Theme
Primary Theme = that theme
Subtheme = General / none
Existing primary is a Subtheme
Primary Theme = parent theme
Subtheme = existing subtheme

Do not flatten a stored subtheme into the parent theme when opening the editor.

Do not change the existing canonical taxonomy hierarchy.

ALSO INSPECT THE SECTOR DISPLAY — READ ONLY

In the supplied UI screenshot, the editor displays:

Sector
—  Actual company sector · read-only

The current component appears to derive this from:

stockRow?.sector

Do a read-only trace first of the Watchlist row shape feeding this modal and determine why the row can contain no sector.

The required product behavior remains:

Sector = actual company economic sector

It is read-only in this editor.

If the sector already exists elsewhere on the same Watchlist row under the canonical existing field, use that existing value.

Do NOT:

infer sector from Theme
derive sector from Subtheme
add a provider call
add a backend endpoint
create a new sector store
hardcode ticker sectors

If fixing the missing Sector requires backend work or a new data path, do not make that architecture change in this task. Report the exact live data-path finding instead.

The Subtheme rendering correction is not contingent on fixing Sector.

FILE SCOPE

Expected production scope:

frontend/client/src/pages/watchlist.tsx

plus a focused existing/new frontend test if appropriate.

Do not touch frontend/server/routes.ts unless you discover an actual regression in the already-completed proxy save path.

Do not touch backend code.

If more than one production file is genuinely necessary, stop and explain why before expanding scope.

REQUIRED TESTS

Add/update focused taxonomy-editor tests proving:

No Primary Theme
Sector row rendered
Primary Theme rendered
Subtheme row rendered
Subtheme selector disabled
Additional Themes rendered
Theme with child subthemes
Subtheme row rendered
selector enabled
contains only valid children of selected parent
Theme without child subthemes
Subtheme row still rendered
selector disabled
No subthemes for this theme state visible
Parent change
select Theme A
select Subtheme A1
change Primary Theme to Theme B
old A1 is cleared
Existing subtheme hydration
row whose stored primary_theme_id is Subtheme A1
modal opens with Primary Theme A selected
Subtheme A1 selected
Save semantics remain correct
parent-only save sends parent Theme ID
subtheme save sends Subtheme ID
additional themes remain unchanged
Existing fail-closed save tests continue passing.
VISUAL ACCEPTANCE

Open the editor in the live app.

With no Primary Theme selected, it must visibly look like:

Sector
[sector]

Primary Theme
[— None —]

Subtheme
[— Select a Primary Theme first —]  disabled

Additional Themes
[+ Add additional theme]

Then choose a parent with subthemes and confirm the same Subtheme row becomes enabled without appearing/disappearing from the layout.

Then choose a parent with no subthemes and confirm the row remains present but disabled.

DEFINITION OF DONE

This task is complete only when:

Sector row is always present.
Primary Theme row is always present.
Subtheme row is always present.
Additional Themes row is always present.
The Subtheme control changes state rather than disappearing.
Parent → child hierarchy uses the existing canonical taxonomy.
Existing assignments hydrate correctly.
Subtheme remains the more-specific effective primary when selected.
Additional Theme behavior is untouched.
The fail-closed save reliability work remains intact.
No backend or persistence architecture is changed.

At the end report:

exact root cause
exact file(s) changed
before/after rendering rule
sector read-only trace finding
tests run/results
browser validation
git diff summary
final git status