Couple of fixes here still needed for the Caelyn Terminal page: FIX #1) The "Coorelation Matrix" is only displaying 3 of my 5 portfolio holdings. The two that it's not displaying are BTC(a crypto) and GOLD(a commodity), probably because it's not wired to incorporate non-stocks/etfs there. It needs to be and show coorelation with commodities and crypto too... FIX #2) Earnings Calendar data is blank. The backend must not realize to report Earnings caeldnar data (TICKER COMPANY WTD LAST DATE EST) for my portfolio holdings. It needs to display the earnings data (TICKER COMPANY WTD LAST DATE EST) fields for my portfolio holdings there (obviously this does not apply to Crypto and Commodities, it should not display anything if its a crypto, futures, or commodities ticker). For ETFs, I would like to incorporate this idea(Yes, ETFs have earnings data, but it is aggregated from the underlying stocks they hold rather than generated by the fund itself. Financial platforms (like Koyfin) calculate ETF earnings metrics—such as Price/Earnings (P/E) ratios—using a weighted average of the P/E ratios of all constituent stocks in the portfolio.) using the tools I have (web search to find the ETF holdings, then assess from there, but not necessary to implement if it's a huge feature add.). FIX #3) "Portfolio vs S&P 500" needs to actually have the adjustable timeframe that works. Right now, it's clear it's not an actual chart of my portfolio value history, and it doesnt change when i click on the adjustable timeframe buttons ( 500
1D
5D
1M
6M
1Y). It needs to be a an actual price history chart vs the S&P, not a palceholder.... FIX #4) Risk Analysis and Volatility sections need to be accruate using the APIs that return similar on the Macro page (is that the actual volatility of my assets/portfolio? #FIX #5) Risk Suggestions section fields also need to be calculated using my backend agent logic and the data, not the generic stupid logic being displayed now about crypto volatility etc and getting exposure to random fixed income that I would never invest in based on my portfolio preferences that can be assumed by my holdings and hot sectors at the moment.